release 0.4.0 (#65)
newrelic/micrometer-registry-newrelic: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.3.1] - 2020-01-09

> - Allow appending string to HTTP `User-Agent` header as suffix

Reviewer: I think it's more than just "Allow".  It'll be done always and automatically.

Reviewer: blame me for bad PR naming

> - Allow appending string to HTTP `User-Agent` header as suffix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Append library-identifying string to HTTP `User-Agent` header as suffix
```
